[Term Entry] Kotlin Math .exp() (#3698)
Codecademy/docs: content/kotlin/concepts/math-methods/terms/exp/exp.md

---
Title: 'exp()'

> Description: 'Calculates the Euler's number e raised to the power of the value of a given number.'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Description: 'Returns e raised to the power of a given number.'
```

Subjects:
  - 'Code Foundations'
  - 'Computer Science' 
Tags:
  - 'Math'
  - 'Functions' 
CatalogContent:
  - 'learn-kotlin'
  - 'paths/computer-science'
---

> The **`exp()`** method in Kotlin's `math` class is used to calculate the Euler's number e raised to the power of the value of the given number.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The **`exp()`** method in Kotlin's `math` class is used to calculate Euler's number *e* raised to the power of a given number.
```

## Syntax

```pseudo
exp(number)
```

> - `number`: The number for which you want to calculate the Euler's number e raised to the power. It should be of type `Double` or `Float`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `number`: A number of type `Double` or `Float`. The method returns a number, of the same type given.
```

> The method returns a number, of the same type given.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

## Example

> This example shows how to use the `exp()` method to calculate the Euler's number e raised to the power of the value of the given number.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This example demonstrates a basic implementation of the `exp()` method.
```

```kotlin
import kotlin.math.exp
fun main() {
    val number = 3.0
    val ePowNumber = exp(number)

>     println("The Euler's number e raised to the power of $number is $ePowNumber.")

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    println("Euler's number e raised to the power of $number is $ePowNumber.")
```

}
```

The code above will result in the following output:

```shell

> The Euler's number e raised to the power of 3.0 is 20.085536923187668.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Euler's number e raised to the power of 3.0 is 20.085536923187668.
```
